doc: Added documentation on the external SUPL client library (#2009)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/supl_os_client.rst

   #. ``device_id`` made from IMSI number

#. The session is initiated by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session()` function.
   The application does not return from this function until the SUPL session is finished or the :cpp:func:`supl_client_abort()` function is called.
#. The :cpp:func:`supl_client_session()` function forms the entry point for the SUPL session.
   There is no specific limit on the number of subsequent SUPL sessions that can be executed from this entry point.
   See the documentation on the `SET-Initiated Non-Roaming Successful Case (Proxy mode)`_ for more information on the SUPL session.
   The callback functions used for data transfer are listed below:

    * SUPL Write (:cpp:func:`supl_write_t()`) : callback for sending outgoing data to the SUPL server
    * SUPL Read (:cpp:func:`supl_read_t()`) : callback for receiving incoming data from the SUPL server

#. The decoded SUPL data is sent to the GPS module using the AGPS Handler (:cpp:func:`agps_handler_t()`) callback function.
#. After the application returns from the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session()` function, the TCP socket is no longer used by the SUPL client library and it can be closed.

> LPP2NRF

Author: Will we be retaining this section?

=======

This module converts SUPL structures into data structures defined in :file:`nrf_socket.h` used by the nRF GNSS socket.
Pointers of the structures are forwarded to the AGPS Handler callback function.
Pointers are valid till the return of the callback function, after which they fall out of scope.

SUPL client OS integration library
**********************************

The SUPL client OS integration module integrates the SUPL client library into the nRF Connect SDK.

> This library can be used to receive A-GPS data from a SUPL server using the SUPL protocol.

Author: Should we move this sentence to line 9?

Reviewer: Yes, it's out of place here, since we've already talked so much about the library. ;)

The sizes of the buffers are defined by the ``LIBSUPL_PRI_BUF_SIZE`` and ``LIBSUPL_SEC_BUF_SIZE`` parameters.
These parameters are defined in the ``supl_session.h`` header file.

The SUPL client library implements the following functionalities:

* Send messages to the SUPL server
* Receive messages from the SUPL server
* Send AGPS data to the GPS module

These functionalities are implemented using a set of callback functions.
Both the buffers and the pointers to the call back functions are passed to the SUPL client library through the :cpp:func:`supl_client_init` function.

API callback functions
======================

Callback functions are needed to achieve platform independence.
If your application uses the  SUPL client library, you must implement these callback functions.
You can find an implementation example in the :ref:`gps_with_supl_support_sample` sample.
The implementation is located in the :file:`samples\\nrf9160\\gps\\src\\supl_support.*` files.
The various callback functions implemented in the SUPL client library and their purposes are listed below.

AGPS Handler

>    Callback function to handle nRF assistance data types.

Author: Added a link.

SUPL logger
   Callback function to output the SUPL client library debug messages.
   Callback implementation is optional.
   If the callback function is not implemented, the library does not display debug messages.

Millisecond Counter
   Callback function for millisecond counter.
   Callback implementation is optional.
   If the callback function is not implemented, the library assumes 1 second receive time-out and estimates SUPL level time-outs based on that.

SUPL Read
   Callback function for receiving incoming data from the SUPL server.

SUPL Write
   Callback function for sending outgoing data to the SUPL server.

SUPL session
============

The SUPL communication spans the following events / message transfers:

* Receiving an event from the GPS module requesting to update A-GPS data
* Executing subsequent message transfers until the completion of the A-GPS session
* Pushing data into the GPS module

It is assumed that the GNSS socket is already available.

The following Message Sequence Chart (MSC) describes the flow of communication in a SUPL session.

> .. figure:: /images/supl_msc.svg

Author: Made the captions consistent.

   :alt: SUPL Session msc

.. _supl_session_msc_desc:

The various steps in the communication session are described below:

1. The application receives a request from the GPS to start a SUPL session.
   This request message (``NRF_GNSS_AGPS_DATA_ID``) is sent periodically from the GPS and received on the GNSS socket.

#. If the LTE modem is deactivated the user must enable the LTE modem.
   When modem is enabled it initiates a TCP socket to connect to the SUPL server.
   In the SUPL session MSC above, the application opens a TCP socket to connect to the google SUPL server.
#. The SUPL session is initiated by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_session` function with a copy of the ``nrf_gnss_agps_data_frame_t`` data that was received through the AGPS request event from the GPS module.
   The SUPL client OS integration library generates the following parameters necessary for the session.

   * ``supl_session_ctx_t`` structure from the AGPS request event data
   * ``lte_params_t`` structure from the data read from the LTE modem
   * ``device_id`` from IMSI number

> #. The SUPL client OS integration library then starts the SUPL session by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function with the ``supl_session_ctx_t`` parameter.

Reviewer: Maybe add that this function is in the client library?
```suggestion
#. The SUPL client OS integration library then starts the SUPL session by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function from the SUPL client library with the ``supl_session_ctx_t`` parameter.
```

   The application does not return from this function until the SUPL session is finished or the :cpp:func:`supl_client_abort` function is called.
#. The :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function forms the entry point for the SUPL session.
   There is no specific limit on the number of subsequent SUPL sessions that can be executed from this entry point.
   See the documentation on the `SET-Initiated Non-Roaming Successful Case (Proxy mode)`_ for more information on the SUPL session.
   The callback functions used for data transfer are listed below:

>     * SUPL Write (:cpp:func:`supl_write_t`) : callback for sending outgoing data to the SUPL server

Reviewer: I think these are types, not functions - correct? Then it should be :c:type:`...` (which won't add the "()" at the end).

    * SUPL Read (:cpp:func:`supl_read_t`) : callback for receiving incoming data from the SUPL server

#. The decoded SUPL data is sent to the GPS module using the AGPS Handler (:cpp:func:`agps_handler_t`) callback function.

> #. After the application returns from the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function, the TCP socket is no longer used by the SUPL client library and it can be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. After the application returns from the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function, the TCP socket is no longer used by the SUPL client library and can be closed.
```
or
```suggestion
#. After the application returns from the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function, the TCP socket is no longer used by the SUPL client library, and it can be closed.
```

SUPL client OS integration library
**********************************

The SUPL client OS module integrates the SUPL client library into the |NCS|.
This library can be used to receive A-GPS data from a SUPL server using the SUPL protocol.

SUPL session
============

> The SUPL session is initiated by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_session` function.

Reviewer: What is the supl_init function needed for?

Author: Added information about supl_init.

> The SUPL client OS integration library then creates the necessary parameters and calls the :cpp:func:`supl_client_session` function to start the SUPL session.

Reviewer: Do we even need to be that specific? Or would this be sufficient:
```suggestion
The SUPL client OS integration library then creates the necessary parameters and starts the SUPL session in the SUPL client library.
```

This library abstracts the details of the :ref:`supl_client_lib` away from the user.

See steps 3 and 4 in the :ref:`SUPL session MSC description <supl_session_msc_desc>` for more information.

API documentation

> *****************

Reviewer: Should we make this a subsection to "SUPL client OS integration library"? It's a bit inconsistent to other docs, but it would make it clearer that this is the API for the OS integration, not the external library.
```suggestion
=================
```

   --- [label="Data connection teardown"];

SUPL client architecture
************************

The SUPL client architecture consists of modules (both internal and external) and API callback functions.
These are described in the subsequent sections.

Modules
=======

There are several modules inbuilt into the external SUPL client architecture as shown in the following figure.
Additionally, the library makes use of the external :ref:`ossnokalva_asn1_lib`.

.. figure:: /images/suplclient_architecture.svg
      :alt: SUPL client architecture

Resource initialization and ownership
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The buffers used in the SUPL communication session, namely the primary and secondary buffers, are owned by the user of the external SUPL client library.
The buffers are characterized by the sizes defined by LIBSUPL_PRI_BUF_SIZE and LIBSUPL_SEC_BUF_SIZE.
These parameters are defined in the ``supl_session.h`` header file.
The buffers are passed to the external SUPL client library through the :cpp:func:`supl_init` function.

Communication with the SUPL server must be handled by the application through the read and write callback functions.

> SUPL flow Control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SUPL flow control
```

.. figure:: /images/supl_session.svg
      :alt: SUPL session

The user of the external SUPL client library can request premature exit from the SUPL session by calling the :cpp:func:`supl_abort` function.
In practice, the abort flag is checked on every return from the SUPL Read callback function.

.. _ossnokalva_asn1_lib:

OSS Nokalva ASN.1 (Abstract Syntax Notation One) library
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

`OSS Nokalva ASN.1 library`_ is a third-party library, which is used by the external SUPL client library for decoding and encoding SUPL and LPP messages.
The external SUPL client library uses the time-optimized version of the library as it produces the smallest code footprint with SUPL client related message definitions.

LPP2NRF
+++++++

This module converts SUPL structures into data structures defined in :file:`nrf_socket.h` used by the nRF GNSS socket.
Pointers of the structures are forwarded to the AGPS Handler callback function.
Pointers are valid till the return of the callback function, after which they fall out of scope.

API callback functions
======================

Callback functions are needed to achieve platform independence.

> Callback functions are implemented by the user of the external SUPL client library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Callback functions must be implemented by the user of the external SUPL client library.
```
Would be nicer in active voice - "You must implement ..."

> An example for the implementation is the :ref:`gps_with_supl_support_sample` sample with the implementation files located in ``samples\nrf9160\gps\src\supl_support.*``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find an implementation example in the :ref:`gps_with_supl_support_sample` sample.
The implementation is located in the :file:`samples\nrf9160\gps\src\supl_support.*` files.
```
